It was a bright morning: the kind that feels like a restart button for the world. Somewhere in the chatter of coffee machines and the slow rhythm of city buses, a stranger typed “hello :smile:” into a message box. The screen glowed, a digital sun. The system replied with a small delay: :wave: back, as if unsure whether it should respond emotionally or logically.  

That same morning, someone else wrote “Good luck on your project :fire: :bananacat:!” — one emoji existed, one didn’t. The C++ version of remo blinked for a millisecond; Rust, stoic and fearless, parsed it instantly. In this benchmark world, performance mattered more than love, yet every sentence still tried to mean something.

He thought: maybe emojis were our new punctuation, maybe :thinking_face: replaced the semicolon. Or maybe not; maybe they just sat in text streams like little sparks of emotion. Either way, the benchmark text grew longer, richer, noisier.  

The quick brown fox jumps over the lazy dog: a cliché, but essential. :fox_face: meets :dog:. Then someone types :foxx:, and the program doesn’t know what to do. Should it keep the colons? Should it shrug and print `:foxx:` back? It does — perfectly. Both versions of remo nod approvingly.

Rust’s version smiles internally. (Well, figuratively — it doesn’t have a `println!(":smile:")` for feelings.) C++ raises an eyebrow: :raised_eyebrow:. Somewhere a developer times them with `time ./remo < file.txt`.

Meanwhile, a poet inserts colons for no reason:
::
:::
::hello world::
: : :
One of these lines might confuse a parser; none confuse a reader.  

The benchmark continues:  

"At dawn," she wrote, "I watched the :sunrise: and felt :heart: but also :unknownemoji:. The waves said :ocean: and the birds replied :tweet:. Rust translated instantly; C++ paused to allocate memory, as old languages sometimes do."

Paragraph after paragraph flows —  in each, more colons, more test cases:

1. Edge cases: :smile: at start, middle: and :end:.
2. Invalid starts ::fire:
3. Missing ends :sad
4. Just ends happy:
5. Multiple colons ::::joy::::.
6. Mixed valid/invalid :joy::banana::heart::endless_loop:

"Are we testing or confessing?" the text asks, perhaps rhetorically. Then it adds:
`function test_emoji():` — a line that would trigger false positives if not careful.

The C++ implementation uses a `std::istream`, reading byte by byte. The Rust version does the same, but with safety and composure. Both write out to stdout, substituting emojis as they go. Every colon becomes an opportunity for a branch misprediction.

Next, a character introduces themselves:
> Hi, I’m BenchmarkBot3000 :robot_face:.  
> I exist to create chaotic emoji text.  
> Sometimes I write :flowers:, sometimes :flower:, sometimes just flower:.

He continues relentlessly for pages, sprinkling valid and invalid shortcodes:

The crowd cheered :tada: loudly, and someone screamed :scream:. Another whispered :whispering_face:, though no such emoji exists. Then, unexpectedly, a colon appeared mid-word: co:lonial, bio:graphy, de:bugging — these shouldn’t be touched. The parser must pass over them gracefully.

The performance test is as much about *not* replacing as it is about replacing. For every :smile: there’s a :notanemoji:, and for every :100: there’s a :404:.  
Inside these lines are patterns of entropy: the entropy of human typing, mistakes, style, and chaos.

The text digresses again, as benchmark texts often do:
Once upon a midnight :moon:, while I pondered weak and weary, over many a :pensive_face: and curious emoji of forgotten lore — suddenly there came a tapping, as of :bird: gently flapping, flapping at my :window:.  
"’Tis some visitor," I muttered, "tapping at my :door:—only this and nothing more."  

C++ sighed in templates; Rust borrowed lifetimes, both languages dreaming of speed and safety.  

Later, the file grew even longer. It needed to be large enough to make caches cry:
Thousands of words followed — mostly nonsense but carefully designed nonsense.

---

Benchmark filler section (repeated pattern with randomized content):

:fire: Running warm tests, hot benchmarks, flame emojis everywhere :fire::fire::fire:.  
:ok_hand: Everything okay, maybe not. :ok_hand::badhand:.  
:smile: Good morning, world :earth_americas:.  
:coffee: Another line of text: full of :heart:, :bananacat:, :123:, random :colons::everywhere:.  
We test nested: :start:middle:end:, broken ones :halfway and too many colons:::::  

Then paragraphs of filler follow, mixing punctuation and random emoji references:

In the land of :dragons:, there lived a programmer named Colonus Maximus: a man obsessed with colons. He invented :colonizer:, a mythical creature that inserted `:` everywhere. The benchmark text pays tribute by adding more colons: :yes:, :no:, :maybe:, :shrug:, and sometimes plain semicolons; just to confuse.  

Rust reads this with `BufReader`, C++ streams through `std::cin`.  
Both whisper: “Don’t let UTF-8 multibyte sequences fool you.”  
Because somewhere, a line says: ":💖:" — yes, that’s a literal emoji between colons, not a shortcode.

---

As the benchmark nears halfway, it introduces more structured chaos:

```text
:hello:
:hello
world:
no_colon
::double
:endless:
:smile:smile:smile:
text: :joy: :sadness: :invalid: :: ok
